From the New York Times, I'm Michael
Barbaro. This is the Daily.
[Music]
Of all the seismic changes that
President Trump has made in his second
term, perhaps the most overlooked and
consequential is the speed with which he
has upended 60 years of civil rights.
much of it under the guise of attacking
DEI.
Today, Nicole Hannah Jones on the end of
an era and the growing fear of what a
post civil rights government will mean
for black Americans.
It's Tuesday, October 21st.
Nicole, before we get started, I want to
reestablish your background for
listeners who maybe haven't heard you on
the show in a little bit. You are, I
would argue, the preeminent authority on
the subject of race and civil rights in
this country, not just, I would say, at
the New York Times, but in American
journalism. You're the creator of the
1619 project, for which you won a
Pulitzer Prize in commentary. And so
when we learned that you were looking
into the Trump administration's big
moves around DEI, that's their
description of this. We were very eager
to have this conversation with you. So
thank you for making time for us.
>> Well, maybe I would quibble with the
preeminent expert, but thank you for
having me on.
>> And here I want to begin with an
admission on our part. We had been
trying to wrap our arms around these
decisions that the Trump administration
was making when it comes to DEI for
quite some time because I think it's
fair to say it was easy to see the big
moves they were making and how wide
ranging this effort was to root out
anything even mentioning the words
diversity, equity, and inclusion. But it
was harder to understand what all of it
was driving at, what this larger
framework was that this fit into. But
that's exactly as it happens, what you
were trying to do. So where did your
reporting begin?
>> So my reporting began really immediately
looking at the executive orders that
Trump rolled out on his first, second,
third day of office.
and seeing that, you know, despite him
saying he was running on an economic
campaign and securing his victory on the
idea of economic anxiety, that his very
early policies were racial policies.
>> On his first day back in the Oval
Office, Donald Trump signed an executive
order ending diversity, equity, and
inclusion programs and federal agencies.
>> The president calls DEI programs
illegal, immoral, and discriminatory.
>> This is a big deal. merit. Our country
is going to be based on merit again. Can
you can you believe it?
>> They were targeting what he was broadly
describing as DEI.
>> Mhm.
>> And one of the very first things Trump
did,
>> President Trump revoked an executive
order signed by President Lyndon B.
Johnson in 1965
>> which stipulates that employers can't
discriminate against job applicants or
workers on the basis of race, gender,
and other. On his second day in office,
he rescended an executive order that
Lyndon B. Johnson had issued as part of
the civil rights movement in order to
try to enforce against employment
discrimination.
>> Mhm.
>> And so what Trump does is he repeals
that order, but he repeals that order by
calling it illegal DEI.
And my antenna immediately went up.
>> Why?
>> Well, because it's clearly not DEI. DEI
is something different
>> and presumably didn't even exist back
when Lyndon B. Johnson was president.
>> Exactly. And so I was really startled
that one of his very first acts was to
rescend this executive order that's
trying to enforce civil rights law, but
also that he was labeling it DEI and
labeling DEI illegal. So once your
antenna are up and your sense is that
the president's campaign to go after DEI
is something else, what do you do? What
do you see?
>> Well, this was day two. You know, I'm
I'm a magazine writer and so I you know,
I don't cover breaking news. I kind of
>> you take your time in the best possible
way,
>> right? I try to sit back and really see
what's the larger story that is
unfolding here. So, I'm just watching
everything and a lot is happening in
those early days.
>> As of 5 this afternoon, every federal
DEI office in the country got shuttered.
DEI employees woke up this morning and
found out their emails are suspended and
they've been put on leave. NBC News has
learned that the Defense Intelligence
Agency has ordered a pause on all events
related to MLK Day or Black History
Month. Junth, Pride Month, Women's
History Month, Holocaust Remembrance
Day, all paused.
>> You were seeing kind of the purging of
federal websites that were talking about
black first or women's first.
>> The National Park Service has removed of
reference to abolitionist Harriet Tubman
from its web page that's dedicated to
the Underground Railroad. military
websites also taking down tributes to
the legendary Tuskegee airmen. The
fabled Navajo code talkers of World War
II and Ira Hayes, a Native American and
one of the Marines who raised the flag
at
>> there was a lot of eraser that was
happening in a lot of different ways in
this bliss creek of targeting of all
sorts of efforts to really catalog the
history of this multicultural country.
>> Mhm.
So, I'm talking with my editor and she's
really wanting me to do a story that is
cataloging that eraser. And I thought
that was important. And yet at the same
time, I'm also looking at what's
happening across all of these different
federal agencies. And I'm like, there's
something much much bigger that's
happening here that is more than eraser.
That's actually about basic civil
rights.
[Music]
H well just explain that what exactly
did you see happening across federal
agencies?
>> So the first sign like I mentioned
before was the rescending of this civil
rights era order against employment
discrimination
>> and then it quickly got deeper than
that. So, the Trump administration said
they were going to slash 90% of the
staff for this civil rights enforcement
arm of the Department of Labor. The
Trump administration was also gutting
the civil rights division of the US
Department of Education, threatening to,
you know, lay off all of these civil
rights lawyers at the Department of
Housing and Urban Development, going
agency by agency and making it
impossible to enforce civil rights. So
for instance, Lee Zelden, who's the
administrator of the Environmental
Protection Agency, he announces that the
agency is eliminating all 10 of its
regional environmental justice and civil
rights offices.
>> And I'm noticing how in these orders and
these actions, Trump is conflating DEI
with civil rights. He's treating these
two as the same thing. And so it becomes
pretty clear that he is using DEI to
attack civil rights. Well, let's just
define these terms. In your mind, the
president is using the concept of DEI to
pause, reverse, in some cases, it sounds
like perhaps even eviscerate civil
rights, but quite simply, what exactly
is the difference? Because clearly
there's a strong relationship between
the two.
Civil rights are laws and legal
protections mostly passed in the 1960s
as part of the civil rights movement
that exist to ensure basic and essential
rights. So these laws protect our
freedom of thought and speech and
religion. And typically in the United
States, we think of civil rights as
protecting minority groups from
discrimination. So, we're talking about
actual rights.
>> Mhm.
>> Diversity, equity, and inclusion as an
ideology. It arises out of civil rights
and the protections that civil rights
ensure, but they aren't the same things.
We don't really see what we today know
as DEI until
2010 or so. And you don't see the
peripheration of DEI
across nearly every American institution
until after 2020 with the murder of
George Floyd and the racial reckoning.
What we typically think of today as DEI,
I mean, it it really it doesn't have a
single definition. So DEI could be that
corporate training that you had to go
through about privilege and how race
works. It could be a training about
gender or it could be programs to try to
make workspaces more inclusive of people
of color or other marginalized groups.
It could be really just about anything.
>> And that's a little squishier obviously
than civil rights. And look, I myself
was a critic of DEI because I felt so
much of it was performative that, you
know, you had companies where you could
look at their hiring track record. What
percentage of black people do you employ
in management and yet they're putting
out these statements and hiring DEI
officers who would have no budget and no
power and yet had this very public
position.
>> Some of it became virtue signaling.
>> Yes, there was a lot of that. And so,
you know, a lot of people probably roll
their eyes at DEI that that's where we
are in this country. And so, weren't
really realizing that something much
much more essential and dangerous was
happening. But I was seeing
kind of agency by agency, this entire
civil rights infrastructure
that had been set up over decades being
dismantled. And that was happening at a
pace and a rate and a sophistication
that we had not seen before.
>> Well, Nicole, I just want to linger on
that idea for a moment. How exactly
could it be possible that what begins as
a dismantling of DEI somehow becomes the
dismantling of civil rights itself?
Because so many of the civil rights in
this country come from constitutional
amendments, come from laws like the
Civil Rights Act of 1964 that would seem
to make them not at all easy to roll
back or dismantle in the first place. So
just explain that.
>> Well, laws are not self- enforcing,
right? This is why you have laws against
murder and robbery, but you still have a
police department that has to go out and
enforce the law. And so that's the same
thing with federal agencies. Most people
I found are actually surprised that
every major federal agency actually has
a civil rights enforcement division
within that agency.
>> And there's a reason for that. The
federal government touches every aspect
of American lives. And it is actually
the greatest tool therefore of enforcing
civil rights law because you know all
types of private contractors engage with
the federal government, our public
benefits, all of these institutions. And
so out of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, we
see this growth of civil rights offices
within the various divisions to ensure
that any community that the federal
government was engaging with was going
to have robust civil rights enforcement.
So why does that matter so much at the
federal level? We have to understand,
you know, the reason we even needed
federal civil rights laws was because in
some states, the state was actively
discriminating against black Americans.
They had segregation laws and
segregation mandates. And so on a
state-by-state basis, black Americans
often could not go to their government
to get relief from discrimination. Not
their local government, not their state
government. So the federal government
had to step in really historically going
all the way back to the end of slavery
to ensure that black Americans rights
were being enforced across the country.
So the social security department has a
civil rights division or at least it
did. And that was because black
Americans actually face discrimination
in trying to obtain their social
security benefits. the Veterans
Administration, it's been shown that
black Americans face discrimination in
trying to access their veterans
benefits. So, there's a civil rights
division in that agency, or at least
there was.
>> And so, the idea is that if you're going
to your local Social Security office and
saying, "I'm here to get my check." And
the local office said, "No, I'm not
giving you your Social Security check."
Then that could be appealed to the Civil
Rights Division of the Social Security
Administration, who would then redress
it,
>> right? And so this is true across all of
these different federal agencies. And we
tend to think of and of course I talk
about civil rights often through the
frame of black Americans, but these
rights protect all Americans. And so
it's been very critical for women, for
people who come from foreign countries,
for people who come from a, you know,
minority religion, for people who are
disabled, to be able to have their
rights that exist on paper vindicated.
And so to have those agencies either
fully dismantled or crippled,
>> it sends a signal that there's going to
be very little civil rights enforcement.
>> Right. And from what you're saying,
without the federal infrastructure of
enforcing civil rights law, those civil
rights laws in a certain sense cease to
do what they're intended to do.
>> Yes, absolutely. You know, I I think we
look back on that period of the civil
rights movement in kind of gauzy ways.
We forget what it took to actually get
those rights in this country. That black
Americans were fighting for 80 years to
get those rights. That this was a bloody
and deadly fight. There were political
assassinations. There were lynchings.
That these rights had been violently
suppressed. And we tend to tell the
story that once those rights were
achieved, then all of that anger and
hatred and belief that black Americans
should stay in their place that it just
dissipated overnight with the signing of
these laws. It didn't.
>> That was ingrained in our society. And
so almost immediately after the passage
of those civil rights laws of the 1960s,
we see a backlash.
>> We're soliciting opinions on the civil
rights bill. Would you like to give us
yours? I sure don't like it. That's for
sure.
>> I don't like it. I think they're just
trying to put something on the owners
that we don't want.
>> And I think this is the most ridiculous
thing that has ever happened.
>> Almost immediately, we see a movement
that says these laws are too ownorous,
that it's victimizing white Americans
who have the federal government prying
in their business.
>> Why can't the federal government leave
us alone and give us our school? You
started to see for instance restrictions
on efforts to integrate schools.
>> We want no trouble. We don't condemn
these black people. They are human
beings too. We understand that. But we
want our school.
>> You see, within a few years of the civil
rights movement, a Supreme Court case
challenging affirmative action programs
in college.
>> Today, there was talk of white and
black, in particular, the rights of the
white person. This was not heard before.
I as a white person I'm discriminated
against because of you know reverse
discrimination. So I feel
>> and you see you know the Reagan
administration bring these anti-white or
what they would call reverse
discrimination findings through the
department of education and that just
only gains momentum when George Bush
took over.
>> So this has long been a pattern. I mean,
some folks wanted to overturn the 1964
Civil Rights Act. There wasn't a
political will to do that, but you could
defang it.
So, we see over time the steady chipping
away of the ability to use civil rights
law to affirmatively remedy years of
racial discrimination.
And under Trump, you kind of see this
60-year vision meet its perfect moment.
[Music]
We'll be right back.
So Nicole, take us more deeply inside
the Trump administration's dismantling
of these civil rights enforcement
mechanisms in federal agencies and how
it starts to we think impact the ability
of civil rights laws to actually do
their intended job. So we can look at a
place like the Department of Education,
which despite what the Trump
administration says, the Department of
Education does not set curriculum.
That's set at the local and state level.
It doesn't hire teachers. More than
anything else, the Department of
Education exists as a civil rights
enforcement division.
>> It really exists to enforce and assure
the rights of students. But what you've
seen under the Trump administration is
they shuttered most of the regional
divisions charged with enforcing those
rights. So what does that mean? One of
the major things that the Department of
Education does is it enforce the rights
of students who have disabilities.
Students with disabilities are supposed
to receive special services, but those
services are often very expensive. And
so sometimes school districts won't
provide them. The Department of
Education Civil Rights Division will
ensure that students if they have a
complaint, if they're not receiving the
services that they are entitled to, that
those districts comply
>> and also they enforce the law for
English language learners who have a
right to an appropriate education. They
enforce equal access to sports under
Title 9. And then they also enforce
against all of the racial disparities
that black and other students face
really across every level of education.
So when you see these efforts to
dismantle the Department of Education,
which is what the Trump administration
has said, is he really wants to shutter
the entire Department of Education, what
they're really shuttering is the ability
to enforce civil rights law across
America's schools. And as you said
earlier, when that federal enforcement
goes away, then any complaint, any
lawsuit, any objection really falls back
to the local school district, which for
a variety of reasons may not have much
of an incentive to do anything.
>> Exactly. Because if your local and state
government are the actors who are
committing the discrimination, where do
you go now? really the only avenue for
red address that people would have would
be to pay a private lawyer or to find a
civil rights organization who might
represent them. And so where we once had
the full weight and power of the federal
government, the federal government has
gutted nearly all the offices that will
enforce the law.
>> Okay. Take us inside, if you could,
another agency where we are seeing this
dismantling of civil rights enforcement.
There's probably nowhere where this
gutting is more profoundly troubling
than what's happening at the Department
of Justice. So, of course, the
Department of Justice is this nation's
most foundational law enforcement
agency. And in fact, the Civil Rights
Division at the Department of Justice is
considered kind of the crown jewel of
civil rights enforcement in the country.
It was created by the Civil Rights Act
of 1957
precisely to protect the voting rights
of black citizens and to prosecute
crimes that were being committed against
civil rights workers. But now under the
Trump administration, if you look at
what that civil rights division has
actually done, it's moved to dismiss
voting rights cases and civil rights
cases involving police departments under
the guise of enforcing Trump's anti-Dei
mandate. So for instance, the Justice
Department walked away from overseeing
the Louisville Police Department, and
that oversight had been initiated by the
Biden administration following the
killing of Briana Taylor. The Justice
Department instead is going to actually
target organizations and institutions in
this country for trying to integrate and
comply with the affirmative action
mandates of the civil rights law.
>> On what basis?
>> Well, on the basis that these efforts
are anti-white, that they are racially
discriminatory
against white Americans. Hm. So on top
of dismantling much of the enforcement
capacity across all these agencies, what
you're pointing to is a change in who
the administration is fighting for, who
it sees as the victims of
discrimination.
>> Exactly. So you see this when, for
instance, the Department of Justice
moves to dismiss this landmark civil
rights lawsuit against this chemical
company that was emitting so many
pollutants into this poor black
community in Louisiana's cancer alley
that that community faced the highest
cancer risk in the whole country.
>> Wow. But the administration sought to
dismiss that case because they said that
it wasn't the black community that was
being victimized, but that it was the
company that was being discriminated
against. And we're seeing again and
again through their language and their
actions, they are constantly focusing on
what they consider to be anti-white
discrimination.
>> And I I think it's important to say
trying to actually redefine white people
as the primary victims of racism and
discrimination in the United States.
That's not backed up by any of the data
we know, even self-reporting amongst
white Americans.
>> Well, if that's the case, is it possible
that we don't end up in this situation,
Nicole, if not for DEI? Would the Trump
administration be able to do what it is
now doing as quickly and as thoroughly
as it's doing it if not for the birth of
the expansion of the
institutionalization of diversity,
equity, and inclusion? This mushier
thing that I don't see you assigning
anywhere near as much importance to as
the traditional civil rights law and
infrastructure.
>> I mean, you know, Michael, that's hard
to say. Mhm.
>> I don't know that even without those DEI
efforts, we wouldn't have arrived here
anyway because of course we have been on
this trajectory for 60 years. But I
certainly think that in terms of a
propaganda tool, DEI and the co-opting
of that term has been very useful. And I
don't think that all of the
organizations that kind of engaged in
this performative DEI have done civil
rights any favors because I do think you
know Michael and the polling shows that
there was a weariness with DEI among
some circles that there was a sense that
some DEI practices went too far. I don't
actually think it's a justification. I
don't think that some training you had
to sit through that you didn't like or
some person who put something on a
website that you took offense to can
justify kind of where we are. But I do
think it dampened opposition to settled
civil rights law and enforcement being
undone.
>> I'm glad you used that word dampen
opposition because that seems like
something we should talk about. Trump's
message is not just finding an audience
with Republicans in the United States.
It would seem there's not very much push
back, you could contend, from Democrats
either. And that would perhaps suggest
that the problem as you see it is not
viewed in a bipartisan way as a problem.
>> I think that is true to a degree.
Polling shows that the majority of
Republicans see efforts to ameliorate
racism as making life more difficult for
white Americans. That they tend to see
racism against black Americans as a
major problem but of the past. And that
now white Americans are suffering from
racism more than any other group. But
more surprising, I would imagine, is the
fact that since the time of the 2024
election, polling on racial attitudes
showed that the percentage of Democrats
who believe that white Americans benefit
a great deal from advantages in society
that black Americans don't have has
plummeted 15 percentage points in just
two years. M
>> I don't know that we can blame that on
DEI, but certainly there was some
societal force that was leading white
Americans to say, "Okay, maybe this has
gone too far." And I think that there is
a significant constituency who doesn't
really want to talk about race anymore.
And that while they may not agree with
other Trump policies, they don't
actually disagree with these that much.
>> I mean, let's just ask this plainly. is
for all the reasons we're talking about
the dismantling of the structures as
well as the polling and the public
opinion that seems to not be all that
opposed to it. Does that amount to the
modern era of civil rights for black
Americans specifically
now being over?
Unfortunately,
that's what it feels like because I
think that we are on the cusp of an
America that no one our age, Michael,
has ever lived in before. I mean, this
is where I think history really matters.
>> Explain that. This country has
experienced another period where black
Americans gained all of these rights and
those rights would remain on paper but
they would lose any ability to actually
access them.
And that period was called the Nadier.
It was named so by a historian by the
name of Rayford Logan.
He named it the Nadier because Nadier
means the low point.
This was the period after
reconstruction. Reconstruction was
really about ensuring that people who
had been enslaved will now be able to
access full citizenship in this country.
So we passed the 13th amendment which
ends slavery, the 14th amendment which
for the first time puts equal protection
in the constitution. No matter your
race, the law has to treat you the same.
It's also what gives us birthright
citizenship. And we get the 15th
amendment which ensures that you cannot
be denied the right to vote based on
your race. This is the period of time
where the nation passes its first civil
rights law, the 1866 Civil Rights Act,
and that's followed by the 1875 Civil
Rights Act. It's this remarkable period
because literally just a few years out
of slavery, you have black men who had
been enslaved who are now serving in
Congress. They're in the Senate. They're
in the House of Representatives. We have
an integrated university in South
Carolina. There's integrated public
schools in Louisiana. And you see this
broad expansion of black rights. And it
probably seemed at that moment that
progress was inevitable.
>> Mhm.
>> But it wasn't.
There was a tremendous backlash.
You start to see efforts to make it
harder for black Americans to vote. So
that's where we get the grandfather
clauses and the pole taxes and the
literacy test. Pretty soon there are no
black people left in Congress. Then you
see things like southern states that had
integrated transportation and integrated
neighborhoods start to pass laws of
segregation to tell black people where
they could eat, where they could go to
school, where they had to sit on a
train. And the Supreme Court upholds
that. So we have this great expanse of
rights and then just as quickly those
rights one by one by one are removed. So
we know that this country is capable of
doing that.
>> I mean we are commonly taught about the
civil rights movement as this
achievement a time that we should be
proud of without really questioning why
a civil rights movement had to be fought
in the 1960s in the first place.
The civil rights movement was not an
effort for black Americans to attain
their rights, but to reinstate them,
>> to get those rights back that they had
achieved a century earlier and that the
Nadier had erased. And so as I'm
watching everything that's unfolding,
I just couldn't help feeling like we may
be at the cusp of a second Nadier.
You you're beginning to do this, but I
wonder if you can describe if a second
NAR comes to pass, what does it look
like given the progress that has been
made in this country over the last many
decades? almost by definition, correct
me if I'm wrong, the bottom of a second
Nadier looks tremendously different than
the bottom of the first.
>> I I do think you're making an important
point that obviously even with the first
Nadier, they didn't reinstate slavery.
So all progress was not erased, but a
significant amount of progress was
erased. And I I think when we look at
the landscape that is being created, not
only are companies losing an incentive
to try to integrate, but they would
actually be penalized if they do. So
Trump has threatened to investigate law
firms that have integration programs
where they're trying to diversify the
profession. I think only 4% of lawyers
at all law firms are black. compared to
the fact we should probably say that
black Americans make up about 14% of the
population.
>> Exactly. So if you are going to actually
say that you will investigate law firms
if they're trying to integrate that
could lead to a scenario where there are
almost no black lawyers. We look at
medical schools. uh America First law
firm, which was founded by Steven
Miller, Trump's right-hand man, is
sending letters and filing complaints
against medical school, saying that they
are discriminating because they have
raceconscious admissions programs. Uh if
you look at the settlements that Trump
is making with Colombia, for instance,
or the demands of a place like Harvard
or Brown, they're also saying we have to
look at your books. We need to see the
test scores and race of every person you
admit, as well as all of the hiring
information on everyone you hire. Well,
if I am a university, I'm going to be
very reticent to hire too many black
people, admit too many black students
because I may meet the wrath of the
federal government that is going to say
that I violated the civil rights law. M
so if you look at the fact that he's
saying DEI is illegal and that companies
that they believe are engaging in DEI
are violating the law and could face
criminal prosecution, you can very
quickly imagine a world where it is
exceedingly difficult for black
Americans.
>> Mhm.
And so I think about, you know, reading
IDB Wells diary,
IDB Wells, of course, the great
journalist and civil rights activist who
was born right at the period of
emancipation. And she she is witnessing
having experienced all of these rights
and this vast expansion of possibility
for black Americans and then slowly
watches as those rights are being taken
away one by one by one.
And if we look at that timeline, black
Americans would not regain full access
to the ballot for nearly a century. We
wouldn't have another black senator for
nearly a century. Uh the University of
South Carolina, which was the only
integrated public university in the
south at that time, wouldn't reintegrate
for nearly another century.
So, I don't know exactly what's going to
happen, but what I'm saying is all of
the ingredients to once again see a
disappearing of black Americans from
elite institutions, from prominent jobs
and professions, and even from the halls
of Congress. It is possible in this
moment. I don't know if it will happen,
but all the ingredients are there. And
that is very frightening to me because
again I and you Michael have never lived
in that America. But what we do know is
that we can live in that America again.
[Music]
>> Well, Nicole, thank you very much. We
appreciate it.
>> Thank you.
[Music]
A new analysis shows just how much black
officials have begun to disappear from
the most senior ranks of the federal
government in President Trump's second
term. Of Trump's 98 Senate confirmed
appointments during the first 200 days
of the second term, just 2% were black.
By contrast, during the same period,
black officials accounted for 21% of the
Senate confirmed nominees under
President Biden, 13% under President
Obama, and 8% under President George W.
Bush. At the same time, black
representation in Congress could soon
decline as well. During arguments last
week, the Supreme Court appeared poised
to roll back a key provision of the
Voting Rights Act of 1965,
a landmark Civil Rights Law that allowed
race to be used as a factor in drawing
election maps. If that provision is
rolled back, Republicans are expected to
respond by eliminating most of the
majority black house districts across
the South.
[Music]
We'll be right back.
Here's what else you need to know today.
A federal appeals court has ruled that
President Trump can proceed with his
plan to deploy the National Guard to
Portland, Oregon over the objections of
local and state officials, who say it's
both unnecessary and illegal. A lower
court judge had previously blocked the
deployment, finding that Trump's claims
that Portland was experiencing violent
civil unrest was overblown.
But Monday's ruling put greater stock in
Trump's claims, finding that protests in
Portland represent a genuine threat to
federal officials and to a federal
building there.
And in a series of text messages
obtained by Politico, President Trump's
nominee to lead a federal agency used a
racist slur to describe holidays that
honor black Americans, declared that
people from China and India cannot be
trusted and confessed to having what he
called a quote Nazi streak in me from
time to time. The nominee, Paul and
Gracia, is Trump's choice to run the
Office of Special Counsel, which
investigates federal whistleblower
complaints and claims of discrimination.
But by Monday night, several Republican
senators expressed doubts about
Ingracio's nomination, including Senate
Majority Leader John Thun.
[Music]
Today's episode was produced by Sydney
Harper, Stella Tan, and Lindseay
Garrison with help from OA Cherved. It
was edited by Patricia Willins, and
Michael Benois, fact checked by Susan
Lee, contains music by Dan Powell, Diane
Wong, and Pat McCusker, and was
engineered by Chris Wood.
[Music]
That's it for the daily. I'm Michael
Bubaro. See you tomorrow.
[Music]